very good all my name is frames and
welcome to what is a new video
from battlefield 4 in this my channel
secondary so good what better way
to start a game a gameplay that
capturing the flag must in domain not
I know what map it is but it's a map is the
I really liked it
it was the second third time I played it
and he has convinced me he has fallen in love with me
that I will vote for him not here in the bat
do not vote
so I'll look for it for the next time
that plays in domain because the truth
is that it is an unbeatable map has
routes on the sides has a building
through the center you can surprise very
well to the people behind as I go to
do in the next action so
this one is cool the truth I do not know how it
calls but is totally recommended
to play it in domain so good
today I have many things to tell you
many things to say to you, pretty
cheerful he played chairs and tasty so
I have seven minutes to talk
I tried to shorten the video as much as
possible because you already know that I like it
do the videos by the way here I
love
Of course I do not know if small
I wanted to be a doctor or not but the truth
I'm getting a little taste in this
revive people and let go of the typical
packet so that it recovers immediately
that you have no idea but goldsmith today
first news of the day is that I'm
improving the quality of the videos I'm going to
start this is not done as well as what
I'm going to say but I'm going to start recording
videos in 1080p and upload them in 200
2000 I do not know what but that tremendous thing
tremendous quality and brutal quality for
you my followers of the battlefield
because I do not know I have to try another
bianco but a bat file was doing
Improvement quality improvement tests
of performance of the videos network of
rendering better said and the truth is
that has gone very well I'm trying the
new settings new renders and are
giving good results so
let's cross our fingers and hope you like it
as much as me
the new quality that I'm going to bring with the
Batel fit videos with videos from
code I will also do it in the future but
first we start with the battlefield
I want to see your opinions to see if
you can appreciate is
the rendering quality and this new
quality that I upload to youtube not because it's going
to be up to 1040 ko is that they are
qualities that in my life I had heard
but they have advised on the internet that
let's do so American channels that
been investigating so I hope as
I say that the new quality I appreciate it is
that your eyes can do
enjoy it so good again
here on this map trying to catch the
surprise route let's say I do not know how to
usually say and by the way here I have
commented that what I just skipped
they are streaks of specialist I imagine
that when you kill a lot and die very
little they give him then that does not streak in
ammunition plan or other things
I am interested to know that many of
you leave me saying advice
commenting me frames look at this gallon that
you finish chanting antal used for
this because you already know I am very
novice I'm trying to learn everything
what can I do and in fact every day I learn
more and more things you need help
boy or sorry and be dead but
I 'm seeing more and more things every day
many of you are helping me
then he accepted all the advice that I
give all the tips that you want me
give and propose everything I accept everything
I read so welcome be all true
but good
more things kids battlefield is me
very much like he has proposed in
the title I like my own words
because he gave me to do what he does
the world not all novice always
more or less the same happens to him I do not take a
new game is not good and says go
game shit me this does not work for
nothing when it's really the game is
brutal the truth when you get a lot
reed, obviously you do not enjoy it
both but when you meet
people like that more or less scatterbrained like
I the truth is that the game is enjoyed
an absolute barbarity yesterday that was
when I took out this pair of videos not from
I had a great time but very well
done is the second part of the gameplay
that I already tell you another game that I've
caught the chunk well more
interesting you could say it's a
streak also quite long as well
that the previous one and the truth is that the
I'm really enjoying playing is
true that there are many times that I receive
a lot because I'm against
uncles who know enough but as soon as
I can get a little bit of the trick and
get a little sensitivity to the
time to aim is enjoyed very much and
it's something that as I say I eat my
own words here 12 to forgiveness to q 12
you have not tried it yet I do not know if it is
good or bad I just saw it says that the
I just unblocked but but it is that it is
brutal and also the acr is that as I said
a subscriber that right now is the
full name I do not know I think it's
of ezker I do not know if I pronounce it wrong or
no but it 's very well suited to my style
game is not super good Reloading
the look is very good the recoil is
can control very well has a lot
cadence appears a rifle submachine gun
assault is a carbine I do not imagine that
will be that same here for sure
I'm firing uncle
perfectly bursts
in my opinion the chest and the sky did not
I ended up dying I do not know why not
I know be some trick some accessories
that you have to recommend me but in my
opinion was shooting pretty good
Uncle but I do not kill myself
I finished doing an assistance
it seems that it is called but good here a
time more is that I love to reanimate the
people I do not know why I took a
Gustillo to the class of tremendous doctor
It happens is not an engineer will be worth much
of support also but to me go of doctor
or assault call it as grace do not you
Chifla I love but good kids
I hope you are enjoying it example and
new quality as I said tell me the
comments section
and I think you also wanted to thank you
the reception that the
channel and the videos of the battle film in the
channel because you are watching
To my surprise, many visits
compared to the videos of the call of
duty
for example the vices call of duty
reach almost 2,000 visits and these
they reach the average of 1000 thousand 500
visits and this is great the truth the
reception that the
videos of the battlefield this encourages me
very much very much to bring you more videos
of this game so kids I hope
that you have enjoyed this example and
as I say I try to improve every day and
I think that given a big step in this
example, you see that I have improved a little
more than what you've seen
previous gameplays in which good we
we see tomorrow probably with a video
of call of duty so as not to saturate the
battle row so a greeting up
see you later